Add information about data update frequency (#37441)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/flexit_bacnet.markdown

Furthermore, Flexit recommends unplugging the unit from the power socket before replacing a filter. To prevent damage, always initiate a controlled shutdown from the control panel (or, in the future, from an action in Home Assistant) before unplugging the device.

## Data updates

> The integration fetches data from the Flexit device every 60 seconds by default. This interval is not configurable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The integration {% term polling polls %} data from the Flexit device every 60 seconds by default. This interval is not configurable.
```
